Removed multisig JS part + decoding part (#3675)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-accounts.md

call and execute the transaction, he will not need to place the deposit, and Alice will receive her
deposit back.

### Example with Polkadot JS

:::info

> This section has been moved to [this support page](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000181826-how-to-create-and-use-a-multisig-account).

Reviewer: Provide info on where the user should look for and recommend they try it out on Westend first

```suggestion
Check the "How to create a multisig account" section on [this support page](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000181826-how-to-create-and-use-a-multisig-account). We recommend trying out the tutorial on [Westend network](../maintain/maintain-networks.md#westend-test-network) - Polkadot's testnet.
```

:::

## Decoding Call Data

:::info

> This section has been moved to [this support page](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000181826-how-to-create-and-use-a-multisig-account).

Reviewer: Could you reference the support page section that has this information?

Author: Done, see new commit
